[KubeRay][Doc] KubeRay doc migration (1/n) (#38647)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/k8s-ecosystem/pyspy.md

```

### Step 5: Run a sample job within the head Pod

```bash
# Log in to the head Pod
kubectl exec -it ${YOUR_HEAD_POD} -- bash

# (Head Pod) Run a sample job in the Pod
# `long_running_task` includes a `while True` loop to ensure the task remains actively running indefinitely. 
# This allows you ample time to view the Stack Trace and CPU Flame Graph via Ray Dashboard.
python3 samples/long_running_task.py
```

**Notes:**
- If you're running your own examples and encounter the error `Failed to write flamegraph: I/O error: No stack counts found` when viewing CPU Flame Graph, it might be due to the process being idle. Notably, using the `sleep` function can lead to this state. In such situations, py-spy filters out the idle stack traces. Refer to this [issue](https://github.com/benfred/py-spy/issues/321#issuecomment-731848950) for more information.

### Step 6: Profile using Ray Dashboard

- Visit http://localhost:8265/#/cluster.
- Click `Stack Trace` for `ray::long_running_task`.
    ![StackTrace](../images/stack_trace.png)
- Click `CPU Flame Graph` for `ray::long_running_task`.
    ![FlameGraph](../images/cpu_flame_graph.png)

> - For additional details on using the profiler, refer the [Ray Observability Guide](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-observability/user-guides/debug-apps/optimize-performance.html#python-cpu-profiling-in-the-dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For additional details on using the profiler, See [Python CPU profiling in the Dashboard](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-observability/user-guides/debug-apps/optimize-performance.html#python-cpu-profiling-in-the-dashboard).
```
